hi oh my god I'm in a really funny mood
today hey guys today's video is going to
be my very first unboxing of a
subscription service so in the past I've
never signed up for any subscription
boxes in Australia just because in my
opinion they're all really overpriced
they're all around the 25 to 35 I've
even seen one for fifty dollars and I'm
really not that interested in trying
something that costs that much per month
but recently I signed up for the abella
box because it was something that I was
hearing a lot about a lot of people were
posting about it and I noticed that was
only fifteen dollars a month so I
figured hey might as well try it out so
once I signed up for it actually got an
email from them after it saying hey
thanks for signing up today would you
like to work with us so i replied hell
yes and they've actually given me a
discount for you guys to use so like I
said the bella box is fifteen dollars a
month regularly but the link that
they've given me will give you your
first subscription box for ten dollars
so instead of paying fifteen dollars to
try it for the first time it'll only be
ten dollar so you say five dollars and
it's also free shipping so you literally
just pay ten dollars to give this a try
so I'll have that link down in the
description box for you guys check out
if you want but for the meantime I'm
going to get into the actual unboxing of
this so this one here is the April box
which is unfortunately sold out but it's
pretty much the end of April anyway so
this one's an old one but I've already
paid for and ordered my may one so that
one should be on its way soon so once
the main one has come in i'll do another
unboxing of that one to let you know
what I think of that month but this one
is the april one the actual box that you
get every month looks like this and i
think this is such a cute box there's
kind of a tiffany blue with polka dots
all over it but actually plan on keeping
these boxes and using them as gift boxes
so if you just put like a little ribbon
over the BB there it literally just
looks like a really nice gift box that
you spent probably five dollars on but
we got it for free so yeah that's just a
nice little nifty trick that you can do
with it but once you open it up now I've
already filled around with mine
someone's a bit messed up but on the top
you will get the information card which
has all the information of these samples
in here so it will tell you exactly what
they are and what they cost full price
and then in the actual box itself it has
all these samples for the month so I'll
go through and show you guys each
product and then I'll go through and
kind of explain them by this card so the
first thing that I've picked up is this
Burt's Bees lemon butter
Google cream now I've tried but these
products in the past and they all have
that kind of lemony weed citrusy smell
to them and this one definitely has that
they all kind of smell the same so if
you have any book these products that
you own already and I can't get the lid
on so if you have any Burt's Bees
products that you already own this one
literally smells the exact same but
going off this card it says the
full-size product of this is 17 grams
and it costs 1495 now this sample is
eight and a half green so literally half
the size of it so if you want to go by
that scale it's probably seven dollars
on its own and literally the whole box
will cost you ten dollars so already
you're nearly maxing out your value
there and I only actually open this box
yesterday so I haven't actually given
this a try it so I'll let you guys know
what I think of it I've never really
used a cuticle cream before so it'll be
interesting because mine are always
super dry the next product I picked up
is this Gator no aqua memory moisture
replenish cream gel so in fancy words
it's a moisturizer essentially but the
regular size of this one is 50 mils and
it costs you one hundred and four
dollars which is freakin crazy but the
sample size of this is 15 mils which is
still really really large you'll get
quite a lot of uses out of this but with
this moisturizer and I'll show you it
has this really kind of silicone II feel
to it so it is literally a gel cream
moisturizer and it's just really nice
and soft and I applied way too much and
it has that nice floral kind of scent
which normally I'm not a fan of but this
one is quite nice the next thing I've
picked up is this L'Oreal based magic
transforming smoothing primer which I
have been familiar with you can actually
get this in price line for around thirty
to thirty-five dollars so i already had
some background kind of knowledge about
this product but with this sample you
get five mils and the full-size one
comes in a jar and each is 15 mils so
this is a third of the size of what you
normally get but i have tested this out
in stores and things like that I've
always looked at it but I've never
wanted to pay thirty dollars for a
primer that I've never really had a
chance to use before so with this sample
I actually get to use it see if I like
it and then possibly repurchase it so
I'll let you know what I think about it
but I've always really liked it when
I've sampled it install so hopefully
this is a chance for me to start
enjoying something new a second last
thing that's in my box is this in do I
rise lift in hydro cream and this is
essentially an eye cream that just goes
under your eye and you'd normally apply
this at night time and with this sample
you get five mils but the regular one is
15 mils and it costs you 6720 so again
going by the scale of this price this is
the third of the size so I third of the
price would cost you around twenty
dollars so twenty dollars for this again
is crazy I'd never pay that but it is
really nice to have something that is
kind of high end in luxurious in these
for you to try without having to pay the
6720 to try the full size and i'm quite
new to eye cream so i would be
interesting to see if i like this i have
tested it on my hand and it does feel
really nice and silky so hopefully i
will enjoy this now there was another
sample that came with this month's box
but unfortunately it was completely
broken when I got it and I had a look
online on their website and their
feedback in everything to see if anyone
else had this and it seems like I might
be the only person so I don't know maybe
mine got dropped by the postman or
something I don't know but what it was
was this eyeshadow here which is the red
earth illusion rights Beauty pro I
shadow color and the one that I got was
kind of a nice gun metal collar which I
really would have liked to use because
it was really pretty literally as soon
as I picked it up it just went to
complete dust all in my hand so
unfortunately I couldn't use that but
the regular price of this was $12 and
the sample itself was quite large it was
roughly about that big so I don't
imagine it was much smaller than the
full size but like i said it's
completely broken so I literally
couldn't use it so unfortunately that's
my only bad experience with these
month's box and it just means that I get
to miss out on that one which I'm kind
of disappointed by but there's not much
I can do because it looks like I was the
only person that had happened to but
there was one last thing in this box on
the bottom we had this little car here
which I wasn't sure what it was so on
the front it has the nearly naked Revlon
make up the campaign and everything but
when you turn it on the back you get
four samples of the product so anomaly
with these simple cards they normally
only give you one color and it's
literally bad luck if it doesn't suit
you so with this one you get four colors
to choose from so you can actually match
it to your skin tone and figure out what
color you need I thought this was
awesome I've never used the nearly naked
foundation so I'll see how this goes but
like I said that was the last thing in
the box so that was what was in the box
for April so as this is my first box
I've had a pretty good impression with
them they only talk about a week I
believe to ship it out after I ordered
it and my only issue with it is that the
eyeshadow break which honest I don't
think I can really blame them it sounds
like it just happened in shipment but as
for the other products there's
definitely way more value in this box
than what you pay for so I hope you guys
enjoyed this unboxing video hopefully I
taught you something a little bit more
about Bella box the reason why i'm
posting this video in particular is
because i think it would be a really
good idea for a Mother's Day present so
like I said the next box is the mailbox
which depending on when you order it it
may come in time for Mother's Day it may
come just a little bit after but I think
it would be a really nice present to
give to your mom just so she can try
some new products and also for ten
dollars it's kind of a nice little
stocking filler idea not that it's
Christmas but you get what I mean like
it's a nice little filler present to
have in there but like i said i have a
league in the description box for you
guys to get it for ten dollars for the
first time but other than that I'll wrap
it up so hopefully you enjoyed my first
unboxing video of a subscription service
like i said i will be doing the next
month box as well so let you know what I
think of that but other than that I will
see you guys in my next video bye guys
is it what what